[meta] first-timers-only issue template (#2385)
ros-planning/moveit: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/first_timers_only.md

---
name: First Timers Only Issue
about: Create an issue to welcome a new contributor into the community.
title: ''
labels: first-timers-only
assignees: ''

---

## Background

Overview of your issue here.

## Instructions

> Hi, this is a `first-timer-only` issue. This means we've worked to make it more legible to folks who either **haven't contributed to our codebase before, or even folks who haven't contributed to open source before**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hi, this is a `first-timer-only` issue. This means we've worked to make it more legible to people who either **haven't contributed to our codebase before, or even folks who haven't contributed to open source before**.
```

We're interested in helping you take the first step, and can answer questions and help you out along the way. Note that we're especially interested in contributions from underrepresented groups!

> 

Author: Two lines down I have a sentence that says this, would you rather this instead?

> 

Reviewer 2: No, this sounds very good. Sorry, I totally missed it.

> If that's you, we're interested in helping you take the first step and can answer questions and help you out as you do. Note that we're especially interested in contributions from people from groups underrepresented in free and open-source software!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're interested in helping you take the first step, and can answer questions and help you out along the way. Note that we're especially interested in contributions from underrepresented groups!
```

> We know that the process of creating a pull request is the biggest barrier for new contributors. This issue is for you 💝

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We know that creating a pull request is the biggest barrier for new contributors. This issue is for you 💝
```

> If you have contributed before, **consider leaving this one for someone new**, and looking through our general [bug](https://github.com/ros-planning/moveit/labels/bug) issues. Thanks!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have contributed before, **consider leaving this PR for someone new**, and looking through our general [bug](https://github.com/ros-planning/moveit/labels/bug) issues. Thanks!
```

### 🤔 What you will need to know.

Nothing. This issue is meant to welcome you to Open Source :) We are happy to walk you through the process.

### 📋 Step by Step

- [ ] 🙋 **Claim this issue**: Comment below. If someone else has claimed it, ask if they've opened a pull request already and if they're stuck -- maybe you can help them solve a problem or move it along!

- [ ] 🗄️**Create a local workspace** for making your changes and testing [follwing these instructions](https://moveit.ros.org/install/source/)

- [ ] 📝 **Update** the file(s) `$FILENAME`by applying the change shown in the diff below.

```diff
$DIFF
```

> - [ ] 🤖 **Apply `clang-format-10`** auto formatting, [following these instructions](https://moveit.ros.org//documentation/contributing/code/?#clang-format-auto-code-formatting)

Reviewer: This should include clang-tidy, now that I think about it.

Author: Good point, except we need to clean up our instructions for clang-tidy.  I couldn't figure out how to get it to work consistently following our instructions recently.  For now, my hope is that those of us who write these `first-timer-only` issues will either make sure the diff doesn't cause clang-tidy issues or help the newcomer with suggestions once it does in their PR.

- [ ] 💾 **Commit** your changes

- [ ] 🔀 **Start a Pull Request**. There are two ways how you can start a pull request:

> 1. If you are not familiar with GitHub or the pull request model, [here is a guide you can follow](https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/) on how GitHub works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you are not familiar with GitHub or how to create a pull request, [here is a guide you can follow](https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/) on how GitHub works.
```
